## Test 13: realloc [1 pts]

Tests functions when realloc() is broken

### Subtest 01: The list will not be resizable, so go past its capacity. Will likely segfault if realloc errors are not handled correctly.
```
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device
elist.c:135:elist_add(): Resizing the list. New capacity: 5
realloc: Inappropriate ioctl for device

--> Subtest passed
```

